feat: add `constants/float16/max-base2-exponent` (#8889)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/constants/float16/max-base2-exponent/README.md

<section class="usage">

## Usage

<!-- eslint-disable id-length -->

```javascript
var FLOAT16_MAX_BASE2_EXPONENT = require( '@stdlib/constants/float16/max-base2-exponent' );
```

#### FLOAT16_MAX_BASE2_EXPONENT

The maximum biased base 2 exponent for a [half-precision floating-point number][ieee754].

<!-- eslint-disable id-length -->

```javascript
var bool = ( FLOAT16_MAX_BASE2_EXPONENT === 15 );
// returns true
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

<!-- eslint-disable id-length -->

```javascript
var FLOAT16_MAX_BASE2_EXPONENT = require( '@stdlib/constants/float16/max-base2-exponent' );

console.log( FLOAT16_MAX_BASE2_EXPONENT );
// => 15
```

</section>

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c

> #include "stdlib/constants/float16/max_base2_exponent_subnormal.h"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#include "stdlib/constants/float16/max_base2_exponent.h"
```

```

#### STDLIB_CONSTANT_FLOAT16_MAX_BASE2_EXPONENT_SUBNORMAL

> Macro for the maximum biased base 2 exponent for a subnormal [half-precision floating-point number][ieee754].

Reviewer: Copy-paste mistakes.

> Macro for the maximum biased base 2 exponent for a subnormal [half-precision floating-point number][ieee754].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### STDLIB_CONSTANT_FLOAT16_MAX_BASE2_EXPONENT

Macro for the maximum biased base 2 exponent for a [half-precision floating-point number][ieee754].
```
